[Skip to sidebar](https://openai.github.io/apps-sdk-ui/?path=/docs/overview-introduction--docs#overview-introduction--docs "Skip to sidebar")

overview-introduction--docs

| Name | Description | Default | Control |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| propertyName\* | This is a short description<br>summary | defaultValue | Set string |
| propertyName\* | This is a short description<br>summary | defaultValue | Set string |
| propertyName\* | This is a short description<br>summary | defaultValue | Set string |

# No Preview

Sorry, but you either have no stories or none are selected somehow.

- Please check the Storybook config.
- Try reloading the page.

If the problem persists, check the browser console, or the terminal you've run Storybook from.


The component failed to render properly, likely due to a configuration issue in Storybook.
Here are some common causes and how you can address them:


1. **Missing Context/Providers**: You can use decorators to supply specific
    contexts or providers, which are sometimes necessary for components to render correctly. For
    detailed instructions on using decorators, please visit the
    [Decorators documentation](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories/decorators).

2. **Misconfigured Webpack or Vite**: Verify that Storybook picks up all necessary
    settings for loaders, plugins, and other relevant parameters. You can find step-by-step
    guides for configuring
    [Webpack](https://storybook.js.org/docs/builders/webpack) or
    [Vite](https://storybook.js.org/docs/builders/vite)
    with Storybook.

3. **Missing Environment Variables**: Your Storybook may require specific
    environment variables to function as intended. You can set up custom environment variables
    as outlined in the
    [Environment Variables documentation](https://storybook.js.org/docs/configure/environment-variables).


```

```

# Apps SDK UI

## Design system for building high quality apps in ChatGPT

Apps SDK UI is a design system tailored for ChatGPT [Apps SDK](https://developers.openai.com/apps-sdk), providing styling foundations with Tailwind, CSS variable design tokens, and a library of well-crafted, accessible components. Apps SDK UI includes:

- **Design tokens** – for colors, typography, spacing, sizing, shadows, surfaces, and more.
- **Tailwind 4** – pre-configured with Apps SDK UI's design tokens.
- **Component library** – high-quality components built on top of Radix for consistent accessibility patterns.
- **Utilities** – for dark mode, responsiveness layouts, and more.

## Get started

###### Installation

Start using Apps SDK UI in your app

###### Concepts

Read about core concepts in Apps SDK UI

###### Components

Explore our library of composable components

###### Design tokens

See all available design tokens

- [Get started](https://openai.github.io/apps-sdk-ui/iframe.html?viewMode=docs&id=overview-introduction--docs&globals=#get-started)